labs/first-challenge/README.md, before:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
# Build Requirements here
```


How to build
------------
```
# instructions here
```


How to Run
----------
```
# instructions here
```


General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)

Commit message:

First Code Challenge
Signed-off-by: Jesus Alejandro Leyva G <a00227182@itesm.mx>

labs/first-challenge/README.md, after:

First Code Challenge
====================

This is the first challenge in your Advanced Programming Class.

1. Solve the [Length of a Nested Array](https://edabit.com/challenge/yXSTvCNen2DQHyrh6) challenge by using the programming language of your choice.
2. Below are some documentation sections that need to be updated. Those are required for the processor to build and execute your code.
3. Certainly, this problem is already solved in the web, so we recommend you to solve it by your own without consulting others solutions.
4. This is a exploratory excersice that will help the professor to adapt the labs and challenges for the course.
3. Have fun and come prepared on next class.

Build Requirements
------------------
```
Some version of python.
```


How to build
------------
```
1. Open your terminal.
2. Navigate until folder where is firstCodeChallenge.py.
3. Execute "python -m py_compile firstCodeChallenge.py" command.

Note: If you want to change de input you'll have to enter on the file and change list.
```


How to Run
----------
```
Run the "python firstCodeChallenge.py" command
```



General instructions
--------------------
1. Don't forget to sync first with the base [master](https://github.com/CodersSquad/ap-labs) branch.
2. Push your code to your personal fork.
3. Don't forget to update this `README.md` file with your project's `requirements`, `build` and `how to run` sections.
4. Have fun and don't forget the next section.


How to submit your work
=======================
```
GITHUB_USER=<your_github_user>  make submit
```
More details at: [Classify API](../../classify.md)
